docs: Update documentation prior to version update (#122)
CCBR/SINCLAIR: docs/user-guide/quickstart.md

# SINCLAIR Quickstart

## Overview

**SINCLAIR** is an end-to-end NextFlow pipeline for processing single cell RNASeq (scRNASeq) data from either raw fastq.gz files or count files in `.h5` format, as produced by the 10X CellRanger pipeline, and primarily uses [Seurat v5](https://www.satijalab.org/Seurat) as its backbone for downstream processing.

In short, SINCLAIR performs the following functions:

- Alignment from FASTQ (optional)
- Initial quality control and cell filtering per sample
- Sample combination
- Batch correction
- Preliminary cell type annotation
- Preliminary clustering

The final outputs are a set of Seurat `.rds` files that contain all provided samples with and without batch correction, with the latter evaluated with several algorithms.

## Installation and Initialization

### Via CCBRPipeliner on Biowulf (NIH HPC)

If working on Biowulf, start an interactive session with a minimum of 16 CPUs, 8 hours wall-time, and a local scratch allocation (temporary RAM) of 128 GB:

```
sinteractive --mem=64g --cpus-per-task=16 --time=8:00:00 --gres=lscratch:128
```

> As of CCBR Pipeliner v8, instantiate Pipeliner as a module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of CCBR Pipeliner release 8, instantiate Pipeliner as a module:
```

```
module load ccbrpipeliner
```

Navigate to your working directory and initialize SINCLAIR:

```
sinclair init
```

> ### From GitHub
> 
> Clone the repository from GitHub:
> 
> ```
> git clone https://github.com/CCBR/SINCLAIR
> ```
> 
> Additional required dependencies:
> 
> - NextFlow
> - Singularity
> 

Reviewer: Let's remove this from the quickstart and put it in a separate doc for advanced users. The vast majority won't need this and may get confused by having it here.

```suggestion
```
